release-notes: add hotfix announcement for v1.7.2 (#72)
harvester/release-notes: v1.7.2.md

The Harvester team appreciates your contributions and looks forward to receiving feedback regarding this release.

> [!WARNING]
>
> ## Hotfix
>
> ### `harvester` Image
>

> > The `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2` image is affected by a [regression issue](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/11129). It would cause an external OIDC user with Rancher global administrator permissions to be unable to save a Kubernetes version change for a Harvester-backed RKE2 guest cluster. To mitigate this issue, we released the hotfix image `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2-hotfix-11161`. You can retag this image to overwrite the image `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2` image is affected by a [regression issue](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/11129). It would block any non admin Rancher user to be able to save a Kubernetes version change or provision downstream clusters for a Harvester-backed RKE2 guest cluster. To mitigate this issue, we released the hotfix image `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2-hotfix-11161`. You can retag this image to overwrite the image `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2`.
```

>
> You can apply the update by following these steps:
>
> 1. **Pull and retag image on each node of cluster**
>
>    - docker pull rancher/harvester:v1.7.2-hotfix-11161
>    - docker tag rancher/harvester:v1.7.2-hotfix-11161 rancher/harvester:v1.7.2
>
> 2. **Restart the harvester deployment**
>
>    - kubectl rollout restart deployment/harvester -n harvester-system
>

> > After that, the [regression issue](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/11129) would be resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Hotfix Required for `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2`**
>
> The `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2` image is affected by a [regression issue](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/11129) that prevents non-admin Rancher users from saving Kubernetes version changes and provisioning downstream clusters for Harvester-backed RKE2 guest clusters.
> 
> To mitigate this issue, use the hotfix image `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2-hotfix-11161`. You can retag this image to overwrite `rancher/harvester:v1.7.2`.
> 
> 1. Pull and retag the image on each node.
> 
> `docker pull rancher/harvester:v1.7.2-hotfix-11161`
> `docker tag rancher/harvester:v1.7.2-hotfix-11161 rancher/harvester:v1.7.2`
>
> 2. Restart the Harvester deployment.
> 
> `kubectl rollout restart deployment/harvester -n harvester-system`
```

Reviewer 2: I removed the unnecessary text.
